Hello everybody. Welcome to NFA Live. I
am joined as ever by my compatriots,
Guy from Coin Bureau. Guy, how is the
market treating you today?
>> It's It's treated me worse, Rob. That's
as much as I can say, really.
>> Yeah, that sounds reasonable. And Ben,
the most loved person on Twitter. Ben,
how you doing?
>> Pretty good. How about you?
>> Not too bad. Got a lot of things to talk
about. Let's jump into it. So, first of
all, if you're not subscribed to these
two gentlemen, there is a plethora of
different channels you can choose from
over at Coin Bureau. I won't go through
all 20. And then also, Ben's got a great
channel over there. And doing a great
job in the thumbnails, my man. Great
job. These are way better than the
originals.
>> So,
>> I mean, now that I've hired uh Chad GPT,
it makes a lot easier.
>> So, basically, Ben, you are you are
saying that AI is going to replace jobs.
I get it. That's okay. No. See, here's
the thing, Rob, and I want to be clear.
Like, people say I'm a pessimist. I'm
not. I'm an optimist.
>> I didn't have anyone creating thumbnails
before. So, I created This is just a new
thing that AI is providing. It's not a
negative thing. It's just improving
something that didn't exist before.
>> That is true. I think uh uh we all
should take a look at the silver lining.
So, speaking
>> speaking of silver linings,
let's talk about where the heck is the
bull run. Now, Jim Kramer is not wrong.
every single time, just a lot of the
time. But there's one thing that he did
say that did make a lot of sense.
There's always a bull market somewhere.
You just have to find it. So, as we go
through the digital asset space and we
see things going down or your cycle,
which we get to in a bit, also midterm
election year, which we're in right now,
where the heck is the bull market? What
are you looking at right now and into
the future? Guy, I'd like to start with
you on this one to tell us where to
actually look. And this could be
anything outside of crypto. particularly
in crypto or outside of crypto?
>> Well, spoiler alert, Rob Ben, it is not
in crypto. Um,
don't think we're I'm not anticipating a
a bull market there anytime soon. What's
what I think has been really interesting
over the last, you know, over the last
year or so particularly is just how fast
these bull markets move. I mean, do you
remember not so long ago, uh, gold and
silver were absolutely ripping.
>> That's right. and gold now. I mean, I
think gold has fallen back to around 4K.
I'm not sure what silver's at off the
top of my head, but you know, it's it
it's fascinating because this is a
dynamic that we've observed in crypto
quite a lot over the last few years. You
know, you get these sort of localized
little mini bull markets if you like in
specific sectors and as soon as they
start, you know, they seem to end. And
that's that also seems to be, you know,
that's something that I'm noticing in
sort of traditional markets as well. Um
however having said that I mean you know
look for for for most of this year we've
been talking about the AI trade haven't
we these you know the hyperscalers uh
spending absolutely vast amounts of
money um on the AI buildout and
obviously there's been a lot of
questions come with that you know are we
in a bubble is this sustainable what
have you so what's been really
interesting to see recently is the fact
that where has that money been going
what have they actually been spending it
And the answer uh it to you know to some
extent is memory and chips. And so what
we're seeing now is a fascinating kind
of move away you know um some of these
big you the likes of Nvidia and Alphabet
are both sort of down recently. Whilst
on the other hand we've got things like
Micron the American the US-based chip
maker and SanDisk which is you know all
about memory. These guys have been
absolutely ripping. And the reason for
it is is that these guys are downstream.
You know, these guys are receiving all
this money that the hyperscalers have
been spending. And yesterday, we were
talking about this to some of our um
Discord subscribers
uh over the last few days. You know,
Micron Micron came out with their
earnings yesterday and they were they
were insane. They reported fiscal uh
thirdarter revenue of $41.5 billion.
>> Um that was but 35.5 billion was the
expected number. So they they exceeded
expectations uh significantly. Earnings
per share were were $25
um and $20.50 were expected. And what's
crazy is that they're talking about the
next quarter they're forecasting $50
billion of revenue and $31 uh earnings
per share. So you know these and what
was what was also particularly
interesting about that call was that um
they were talking about how the fact
that at the moment these semi this this
next generation of cars particularly EVs
but you know cars in general um which
obviously have more and more software
built into them. Uh Micron is saying
that semi-aututonomous cars use more
than 5x the memory and storage of an
average vehicle and humanoid robots
could use roughly 10x the memory of
these more advanced cars.
>> So the the immediate uh the immediate
demand is coming from hyperscalers, you
know, data centers and whatever. But it
is quite easy to see a sort of long-term
thesis for the memory and chip trade
even without necessarily even even if AI
were to to to dramatically slow down or
decrease spending or whatever that would
obviously hurt the overall market and
these these guys in particular but it's
easy to see that the demand for memory
the demand for chips is probably only
going to keep climbing. Um and so it was
so that seems to be at the moment where
the current bull market is and the
question is how long can that be
sustained for and I guess if the
hyperscalers are forced to scale back uh
just how much they're spending then that
could bring it all to a juttering halt.
Uh but there is I think a very
interesting long-term case for it as
well. And I kind of like it because it's
it's boring isn't it? Memory and chips.
I mean, you know, it's real sort of it's
it's not exactly going to set the world
on fire, but again, you know, I I always
I always feel kind of drawn to to to
sectors like that that are just, you
know, boring but fundamental. So, the
memory in chip trade is where is where
the bull market currently is. How long
it remains there is uh is another
question entirely.
>> Holy smokes. Well said. I did not know
about Micron. This is fantastic. SanDisk
looks pretty good. And of course, it's
one of those things where all if I just
would have known about this earlier. So
everybody, if you're not following Guy
over Coinbio, give that a follow. That's
for sure. Ben, what do we got? Where is
our bull market?
>> I mean, guys, right? Uh everything he
said, I think I agree with um you know,
going into the summer, I I was talking
about we would likely see sort of a
small correction in June uh in the stock
market and we've kind of had that. So, I
I wouldn't be surprised if equities, you
know, just in general, like the overall
market went back up. A lot of times in
midterm years, the stock market will
sort of get a correction in June, kind
of a shallow correction, like 5 to 10%.
Um, and then we'll rally again kind of
into August, September time frame before
then getting a larger drop at the end of
the midterm year. So, I guess that's
where you could say it is like that.
International markets as well, like
international funds. Um and then I and
then and then the argument becomes once
that gets a correction because I mean we
know where the bull market currently is.
I guess maybe another question is like
where is it going to be? You know um
>> right
>> and so if we do get a correction in the
stock market in the back half of the
year um then you might actually see the
bull market come back to Bitcoin. But
like you know that's probably a few
months away. So that's what I'm sort of
planning for to see it rotate back over
to to the cryptoverse, but probably not
until say closer to the fourth quarter
of the year. So that's my guess.
>> Sounds pretty good. I'll take that. It
sounds very reasonable going that way.
So that will take care of the first
question, which is interesting. It's
something to definitely take a look at.
But the next part really comes down to
fouryear cycles, which I know some
people believe, some people don't
believe. It's it pretty much is what it
is. But I got to tell you, it comes back
to what Tony Robbins said. Take a
listen. This is about a couple seconds
or so. Let me see you can hear this.
>> And there's three skills you want to
give your kids. And you want these three
skills if you want to succeed for the
rest of your life. First is you have to
be able to recognize patterns. It won't
matter what the jobs are, won't matter
what the business is. If you can
recognize patterns, you have an edge.
Things look like
>> Yeah, sounds pretty reasonable. I think
if we can recognize these patterns, we
have an edge. And one of those patterns
was a four-year cycle. So now
unfortunately some of those things
hadn't really lived up to it. Trump and
we can see that Bitcoin prices never
dropped below election day. That's not
true. That's actually has uh faltered. I
thought it was going to be the bottom of
69K and it wasn't. However, if we take a
look at time frames, all-time high to
all-time highs, 1,477 days between 13
and 17, then 1424 and 28 all-time low to
all-time highs essentially the same
thing. 68 days all-time high to all-time
low again 400 365 days. So the question
that I have for both of you is as such
the fourear cycles has it surprised you?
It surprised me as how it's actually
kept going and actually has come out to
this point. But Ben, I'll start uh I'll
start with you on this one. I think
we're in alignment here. For your
cycles, are you surprised it actually
has gone through? And is there any
discrepancies that you've seen?
No, I mean it seems like so far it's
been the it's been the the one thing
that hasn't failed in terms of
predicting like what Bitcoin's going to
do. So I I think we defer to the
four-year cycle until it's proven until
it proves wrong. Um I mean it just keeps
on working out. And it's one of those
things like you know fool me once, shame
on you, fool me twice, shame on me,
right? Like I I don't understand why
people fight it so much, you know? like
it's I know the uh the temptation to
fight it is always there because you
know we all want to find a reason for
why it can't be that simple but it then
just continues to be that simple. So
until until something different happens
I I would say the four-year cycle is is
probably one of the better indicators
that we have uh for navigating Bitcoin.
I mean, all if you think about it,
there's like a thousand indicators, but
all you really ever had to do was buy
Bitcoin at the end of the midterm year
and sell it in the fourth quarter of the
post having year. And if you just did
that the last three cycles, you would
have basically performed just as good,
if not better than any other indicator
out there.
>> Yeah, I got to agree. And then Guy, same
thing with you. For your cycles, were
you surprised or were you like, "Yeah,
that's pretty much part for the course."
Well, what is it they say? Uh, you know,
the the most fatal words in investing
are this time is different.
>> True.
>> Um, so yeah, why why should this time be
any different? I guess. Yeah. I mean, I
I like we say, it it it it plays out. It
works until until it doesn't. But it's
it's hard to see why how it would uh
necessarily change. So, yeah, I wouldn't
say I I wouldn't say I'm surprised. I I
should have paid more attention to it if
nothing else.
>> Yeah, that's for sure. We should have
all paid a little more attention to it.
It wasn't so much about the the bottoms,
it was about the tops. And I think like
Ben just just talked about, we can have
a thousand indicators and guess what?
All you had to do was just go by the by
the numbers for the four-ear cycle would
have worked out. Now, can it continue on
that? A lot of people will say no, you
can't. At some point, it will drop off.
But I got to tell you, as far as like
bottom indicators, one of the things
that kind of lines up is the 200 day
moving average or 200 week moving
average, I'm sorry. And we can see here
that this has actually dropped below
scheme. So the moving average is 62 and
today we are at are we still at 62 or
the Bitcoin price is 61,000? Not for
sure. But that's the 200 250 drops us to
roughly
57K. And if we go to the the bottom of
the barrel, the 350 week, I mean you're
looking at 47K. So I think anywhere
between there is pretty good. But as a
reminder, people will say, "Well, that's
kind of scary, Rob." I don't think you
should be scared. All you got to do is
just take a look at these cycles and
they just have been lining up pretty
well. This was the last. Actually, let
me go back here. Here's the tops. Here's
the bottom. Here's the top. Here's the
bottom. Here's the tops again. And then
here's the bottom. Usually, it's about a
year, but just stick around. I think
you'll like where we're going. Not
financial advice. That's where we're at.
So, that'll take care of that question.
Now, let's move into the last ones,
which is this.
There is a fundamental shift. We're at a
crossroads right now. And people will
say, well, it doesn't really matter
because, you know, there's a bunch of
liquidity out there. There's a super
cycle coming. This is the M2 money
supply from 2018 up and to the right.
Sounds pretty good. These are the
midterm years. These are the bad bare
years. Then we take a look at 2022. M2
money supply kept going down. So, of
course, they can say that's the reason
for it. That's the reason for all this
different uh volatility and the bare
markets. But then take a look at the M2
money supply for 2026.
We're going up and to the right and it
still keeps coming. So, for that, and
then also we've got an issue with uh the
Federal Reserve. Looks like we got a
split coming up on the next uh FOMC
meeting at 29th July. looks like a 6040
or 6534 split to actually raise rates
and that's in July, September. It gets
even more stringent. And then on top of
that, we've got the socioeconomic
problems or the geopolitical issues with
US and Iran. And I don't know who is
telling me the truth. Seems like every
single person is lying on top of the
fact we've got stable coins at all-time
highs. According to DeFi Lama, 314
billion is sitting on the sidelines. And
then we've also got Warren Buffett and
Birkshire Hathaway. It says 347 billion
here, but I think it's almost 400
billion. They're just sitting on waiting
to deploy it. So, we have all these
things going on plus the fact that real
disposable income just turned negative
for the first time in at least the last
two and a half years.
So, that means we've got a lot of
a lot of bottlenecks coming in. So, the
question for you guys is this, and I I'd
like to start with you on this one. Is
it best just to sit it out, just wait
where things go? Or do you have to
deploy right now because we're going
down?
>> I think I mean I the danger here is if
is is in waiting for something that that
never comes. You know, it it's like well
I think you only have to look at for
instance um Barkshire Haway. I mean they
those guys are sitting on an absolute
mountain of cash, aren't they? and
you're like, well, uh, Buffett and Co.,
they must know what they're doing. They
must see, uh, you know, a crash of or
or, you know, a decline on the horizon.
And then you look at the AI trade like
we were talking about earlier and you
think, well, that's, you know, that that
can't last. And it's all fair enough and
it's it is there's there's definitely
something to be said about having about
holding cash. I think cash should always
be a significant if not you know not
necessarily a majority but certainly a
significant chunk of your overall
portfolio should be cash to deploy at
times like that. But I think if you're I
think if you're waiting solely in cash
if you're if you're just not investing
at all I think that's a recipe for for
disaster really because you know going
back to what you were saying about the
M2 money supply constantly going up. I
mean there you are like you know
inflation is is is a constant thing. It
may slow down, it may speed up but uh we
know that that the value of fiat
currencies is eroding every single day
which is why you know we have things
like Bitcoin. But I think if you are if
you're just sitting solely in cash
waiting for the big crash, waiting for
it all to um all to come crumbling down
and for you to get a generational entry
point into whatever asset it is you're
you're watching. I think that there is a
real risk there that you end up waiting
so long that that inflation has has
eaten away at any you know at at so many
potential gains. So I think you know you
need to hold assets to offset inflation
and I think as any investor as any
seasoned investor will tell you you need
to keep your time horizon long. You need
to trust that markets will go up in the
long term because if we look you know
again going back to that chart you were
showing of of Bitcoin. I mean that is
what it's done. Okay, there have been
some there have been some dips along the
way, but essentially like the M2 money
supply, it is up and to the right and
and the chart of the S&P and the chart
of gold and whatever else will will will
tell a similar story. So, if you're not
okay, it and it reminds me of I think
it's the Chinese proverb that says the
best time to plant a tree was 20 years
ago. The second best time to plant a
tree is now. Um, and look, you know,
without if you're not willing to take on
risk, even at a time when you think,
well, this market is looking pretty
frothy. These asset prices are really
inflated. If you're not willing to take
on risk, then you won't get the reward.
Uh, and short-term price action really
is is just noise at the end of the day.
If you have a long enough time horizon,
if you are planning for the future,
planning to beat inflation over the long
term, then then you need to be you you
need to have, you know, you need to own
assets and hold some cash by all means
for for that time, you know, for that
generational entry point. But, you know,
investing is about taking the rough with
the smooth. I think you you never you
never buy the bottom in the same way
that you you never sell the top. So,
it's really about being, you know, what
is it? Time in the market rather than
timing the market. If you're not in it,
you ain't going to win it.
>> Very well said. If you're not in it, you
ain't going to win it. Ben, same
question for you. Is this the time to
sit out and just kind of like let it
kind of uh, you know, percolate then
come back in or just say, you know what,
maybe a little bit here, a little bit
there.
>> I mean, with regards to crypto, the time
to sit out was like, you know, eight
months ago. And I mean now I feel like
as I think the right strategy for crypto
is just ignore it you know from like the
end of the midterm year until about July
and then start looking for deals. And
you know I mean that that worked in 2018
it worked in 2022.
>> Maybe it'll work again in 2026. So I
mean I think having some cash makes
sense. Uh but you obviously don't ever
want to be 100% cash without the ability
to deploy anything because then you know
the purchasing power of the dollar is
going asmtotically at zero. So I mean
guy what guy said is correct.
>> Um
>> so yeah I mean I I I think you have to
you have to own assets over the long
term otherwise inflation will eat you
alive. You just have to you have to own
the right assets right. So that's thing
a lot of people mistake it's a mistake a
lot of people make is that they buy the
wrong things. they buy like, you know,
garbage stuff and then assume it's going
to make them rich and and then it goes
zero. So, as long as you're buying the
right things, then um then that's the
way I think to to outperform inflation.
Especially if you if you buy like market
like you know total market stuff like
that, then it it takes a lot less energy
and that it generally trends up with
time then you don't have to stockpick if
you don't want to. Um, but yeah, I mean,
I think that you have to only assets
over the long long term and normally the
end of midterm years offer pretty good
pretty good entry points uh sort of ride
out for the next cycle.
>> Exactly. Well said. You know what, just
to just to tie that up, it's let's be
honest, if we don't own assets and like
you guys both said, inflation is going
to eat us alive, but also it's boring.
Can you imagine how boring it is just to
sit on mountains and mountains of cash
and not do anything and not get to wake
up and take a look at your portfolio and
go, "Wow, it's up 30 40%." Or on the
flip side, go, "Wow, it's down 30 or
40%." I know people say that sounds kind
of crazy, but that's why we're in crypto
and digital assets. And that's just
pretty much how it is. So, speaking of
that and doing risk, here is my new
play. I didn't tell uh Guy and Ben this,
but uh I like to gamble sometimes and I
think that it's good to go out, not
good, but I think this bet I'm going to
make is going to be pretty well great as
far as with uh Khi and Poly Market. And
here's the bet that I am making and it's
going to be huge. So
the question is over on Poly Market is
will the guy or guy from Coin Bureau
attend the ITC conference in Miami on
November 20th to 22nd. Now look, I'm not
going to sit here and say that I don't
have insider information,
but I will just say this that over time
it was a pretty low probability. Right
now we're at 50/50. So the question that
has to come through is will this
actually happen? And if you don't know
what I'm talking about, there is a
conference coming up in Miami November
20th to 22nd. And I got to tell you, if
you are a family man or family woman and
you want to just take a little bit of a
break, come out there for three, four,
five days or something like that, visit
Miami. It's going to be in November and
the rest of the United States is going
to be cold as hell. So why don't you
come in and do the little conference.
We're gonna have uh well, I'll be there
for sure. Uh Ben will be there, David
Lynn, Gareth Soloway, Evan Aldo, and uh
Fe Kamichi. Oh, the CryptoKit. And uh
you get to see the actual team. It's
going to be a good time. And then also
for you 28% of people who just watch
through your TV, there's a QR code you
can scan here to go to the actual
website or if you're on your mobile
phone or desktop device, take a look in
the uh description and you can find the
link there. So, the question of course
comes down to will Guy make it to Miami?
Guy, I don't want to give you any any
insider track, but uh what's your feel
on this one for Poly Market?
>> Well, it's uh it's it's something we're
it's something we're talking about, but
I couldn't I couldn't possibly confirm
either way. You know, Dubai, Miami,
that's a that's a long old trip. Um but,
uh we are we're considering it. That's
for sure.
>> That's why you got to come you you come
through Puerto Rico. you stay at a at at
a reasonable place that uh maybe some of
us could provide at a reasonable
discount and then you could you come
over to Florida.
>> So anyhow
>> Okay.
>> And then and then before we get to the
Q&A, Ben, anything you want to talk
about the for as far as the conference?
What do we got going on for there?
>> We're still adding speakers like we're
we're like we've reached out to a lot of
people like talking about that stuff. By
the way, this is my first conference
like throwing my first conference. So um
you know it's sort of a learning
experience. Uh, but I think it'll be a
lot of fun. We'll probably have one of
our normal uh ITC parties, which I think
Rob's been to a few of those, so should
be a good time.
>> Should be a good time. Well, everybody,
that will conclude it for today's show.
Like today's video, thumbs up,
subscribe. Don't forget to to uh
subscribe to these two gentlemen's
channel, even though they don't really
mean much more subscribers. Guy with his
2.7 million. And Ben,
>> congratulations passing the the 1
million mark. I forgot to say that in
the show.
>> Oh, now almost almost a third of what
what or no? I guess a little more than a
third of what what guy has.
>> Not too bad. Not too bad.
>> I I'll tell you the secret to it, Ben,
is is get all those subscribers in 2021
when crypto.
>> That was my mistake. That was my
mistake.
>> You just need to build that time
machine. Go back. my thumbnail if my
thumbnail game had been better better
back then maybe.
>> Hey, that that thumbnail that thumbnail
game is getting strong, I will tell you.
Let's see. The Raven Eye says, "Come on,
guy. Kick back and get a vodka cran in
Miami." And uh yeah, if you guys come to
the event, I will buy you a drink. Now,
if it's a thousand if it's a thousand
people, it's going to be Keystone Light.
But if it's just a couple hundred,
>> how how have we not talked about the
World Cup is is is a good question.
>> That would be a good one. That would be
a good one for you guys too to talk
about. Yes.
>> I mean, I Guy, I'm just going to say
like I mean England, they didn't have a
great game the other day. I don't know
if you saw it.
No, I I didn't see it because again it
was on at an ungodly hour um where I am
and I'm glad I didn't because a nil nil
draw against Ghana is no one's idea of a
good time. Um but I'm I'm reliably
informed that we're saving it for the
bigger games. So
>> yeah,
>> um it was very sad to see Scotland go
out though. Well, I don't I I don't
think technically Scotland are out. I
think by I think there's a chance that
they could still squeeze through, but
it's not looking it's not looking great.
They they lost 3-0 to Brazil, which
wasn't exactly surprising seeing as
Brazil are pretty good.
>> I don't think this will make you feel
any better, but Ghana Ghana beat the
United States in the World Cup in 2006
and 2010.
>> Oh, no.
>> And then and then we got our revenge in
I think 2014 maybe. But not that that
would make you feel any better just
because
I mean yeah it's the US. But look, I
don't know. I I'm I'm a permable right
now on the on the on the US soccer team.
Let's go.
>> Okay. I I mean I I'm just I'm just uh so
um amazed, Ben, by how how much you've
gotten into the World Cup.
>> I've always been into soccer. Like
soccer was the main sport I played
growing up. Um, like I I I played
soccer, basketball, and baseball, but
soccer was the one I liked most.
>> And um, yeah, like I've always been into
it. I think the re the reason why this
time is different um, is because there's
just nothing else going on in the
markets. So, what else am I going to
talk about?
>> USA dominance, Brazil.
>> Yeah. And it also adds a lot, I think,
that the World Cup is in the States, you
know, like it it makes it even more
exciting. Like I got to go to one of the
USA games a few weeks ago, like one of
the warm-up matches. So I think it makes
it even more exciting. Also, there was a
couple of couple World Cups ago, the US
didn't even make it, I don't think.
>> Yeah.
>> Um to what was it? The World Cup or the
Olympics? I I think it was the Yeah, the
World Cup. They didn't even make it to
the World Cup um you know, at some point
in the last decade. So
>> yeah,
>> I'm not as into it when they're not
there. But I mean, listen, last World
Cup, I will say the the finals,
Argentina and France, that was one of
the best games I've ever seen. Like one
of the most exciting games.
>> That was a that was a great game. Yeah,
that was a great game. The the US I
think Yeah, the US are are very sort of
hit and miss, but I mean the US women's
team uh one of the best in the world, I
think.
>> Yeah, guy. I also I have a bone to pick
with Guy, actually. This is this has
come up a lot and and I'm gonna I'm
gonna ask you why does everyone from the
UK give Americans such a hard time for
calling it soccer when the when the term
soccer originated from the UK?
>> Because
>> because for for whatever reason the term
soccer is is no longer is no longer used
in the UK. Like you would we we call it
football because it's you know you kick
the ball with your foot. Um,
>> have you guys seen the uh the SNL skit
where they're like they're talking about
like George Washington going to the new
world and stuff and and he's like we're
going to play football and he's like
it's a it's a sport where you throw a
ball with your hands
>> and then and then he's like they're like
wait so there's no kicking and he's like
there's a little kicking.
>> I've seen that sketch because you told
me about it Ben. You told me when you
were over here in Dubai. I think you
sent me the link.
>> Everyone should watch if they haven't
seen it.
>> That is a good one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Hey, here's some questions real quick
and then we'll get get going out of
here. Let's see.
What time on the registration day should
we show up at the Marriott? Just
everybody to make this simple. If you go
to that website, they actually have some
recommendations for where to actually
stay. Marriott Marquee Miami Kimton Epic
Hotel Intercontinental Miami. I am
looking for the hotel 6, but it's not
listed here.
>> I think the uh the first thing is at
5:00 p.m. I believe we're going to be
like welcome drinks, that kind of stuff
at the hotel on uh Friday and then the
conference is Saturday. Uh the main
conference and we're going to we're
going to fill in some more stuff on
Friday and Sunday I believe. We just
haven't figured out exactly what. Um,
but I I believe five and I'll I'll let
you guys know if that changes, but as of
right now, I think 5:00 is um because we
want we want to give people time to
actually like check into their hotel,
you know, on Friday. And usually you
can't check in until what, like 3:00 or
4.
>> Yeah, that's well that's why we started
drinking. Anyhow, that's up to you guys.
And somebody says Richcom says guy must
come. Hey, I'm you know, I'm just
putting out there. This is what Poly
Market is. could have NFA live live.
>> That's crazy. Let's not go Let's not go
overboard.
>> Does anyone know that Rob, me, and Guy,
we've never been in the same place at
the same time in the real world?
>> It's all done with
>> I've met Rob and I've met Guy, and I
think Rob has met Guy, but we've never
actually seen each other all at the same
time.
>> That's right.
>> One day. One day. Maybe. Maybe soon.
>> Hey, one day. Or or maybe just the Coin
Bureau team. Whichever whichever comes
actually after it. Hey, how about this
question? Any chance of Lynn or Bob as
speakers?
>> So, we've reached out. We're still
working on that. Um,
some a lot of people are are just trying
to figure out if they can if they can
make it work at that point, you know,
like in in November. Um, but we're going
to be adding more speakers. Like, I
don't know for sure exactly. I think um
we have a few more likely coming um that
we haven't added yet. Like I think uh I
think maybe Jason Kazino is interested
in in speaking.
>> He talks a lot more about like real
estate. We're trying I mean the
conference is more than just crypto, you
know. I mean it is and um I mean it kind
of goes along with what Rob said
earlier, right? There's always a bull
market somewhere. And um so yeah, we
we'll have we'll reach out to as many
people and try to get those people
there. And and by the way, I mean the
goal is for it to be different than you
know other like crypto conferences and
stuff.
It's not just it's not just going to be
like treasury companies
>> talk talk after talk after talk
>> sounds a lot more fun. How about this
one? Uh Vanlife says I'm betting my
money on quantum computing stocks for
the next boom like AI. I don't really am
familiar with this. I know that the uh
government US government just gave a
push to quantum computing to give their
agencies only a timeline to I think 2031
or 2028. So any thoughts on this one? I
don't I'm not following this or tracking
this for the uh investments.
>> We've been we've been looking looking
into it a bit. I mean,
>> you know, some of them are some of them
are sort of fairly obvious like IBM I
think are big into quantum. Google are
obviously big into quantum. Um but yeah,
I it's um so so often you just sort of
consider it in terms of what it'll do to
Bitcoin and indeed everything else. But
yeah, it does. It will be a thing at
some point,
>> I think. So, and uh it's coming sooner
than later. And then lastly, let's let's
finish up with some soccer talk. Uh
someone says Ben isn't American. I'm
guessing that's because he's talked so
much about soccer. Looks people some
people like soccer. Some people
>> I aming, you know, I will say this
because
>> think about it like the US has what
three to 400 million people in it.
>> Sure.
>> Okay. give or take.
>> Most people care about basketball,
baseball, and American football, right?
Football.
>> Um I'm just calling it American football
for the benefit of our international uh
host right here from, you know, guy. Um
>> but if even if only 10% of the if only
10% of the people in the United States
cared about soccer, that's still like 30
to 40 million people, which is probably
around the same audience size as a lot
of the European countries uh that that
care about soccer. It's just that in the
United States there's just an
astronomically more large number of
people that care about, you know, uh,
other sports. So, it seems like it just
seems like soccer isn't popular at all.
Um, but it is popular. I mean, I've been
to soccer games and there a lot of times
I actually went to um the the uh the
national championship game in soccer uh
this past year. So, I mean I it was
actually it's more popular than people
think. It just pales in comparison to
like, you know, the NBA or the NFL.
>> Yeah.
>> I think Well, I mean, because I I
remember reading a while back that one
of the reasons football was becoming
more popular in in the US, you know,
football as in
>> I didn't realize I didn't realize
American football was becom it was
already really popular.
proper football I should say was
becoming more popular in the US because
you know there were a lot of um there
was a lot of immigration from uh from
Latin America and obviously football
culture there is a lot more ingrained so
you know a a cl a larger proportion of
the US population sort of comes from a
football culture because I think kind of
you know that's what you that's what you
need in a way in order to sort of get
popularity it needs to be sort of quite
strongly a part of the culture And in
the UK for instance, it is it's like a
sort of cultural cornerstone really. But
yeah, as you say, Ben, it's there's so
much competition. Like when you think of
when you think of American sports, you
think of of baseball, basketball, and uh
and whatever American football is. Um
so, you know, but when you think of when
you think of British sports, you know,
football and football is near the top.
So, it's about getting that. I think
maybe, you know, as in a few more
generations, it will be, you know, it'll
keep getting more and more popular
because that football culture will
build.
>> I feel like you're going to soon start
telling us we should be using the metric
system. You know, easy. Let's not go too
far.
>> Well, one day that's I'm not going to
die on that hill today.
>> Yeah. All right, everybody. This is
We're going a little bit late. Again, I
want to thank uh Ben and Guy for coming
on. Links are in the description for
everything we just talked about today.
And next week we are with Guy on Coin
Bureau channel. So we'll check you guys
out for Thursday. That's it for today.
Thank you gentlemen. I appreciate you
and I'll see everybody on the next one.
Adios.